# Selenium Chrome Automation Project

This project includes an automation script that uses Selenium to navigate Google using Chrome as the web browser.

- [Setup](#setup)
- [Environment Setup](#environment-setup)
- [ChromeDriver Setup](#chromedriver-setup)
- [Running the Script](#running-the-script)
- [Notes](#notes)

## Setup

To run this project, ensure you have Python 3 and `pip` installed for dependency management.

## Environment Setup

1. Clone the repository and navigate to the project directory.
2. Create a virtual environment with `python3 -m venv mon_env_chrome`.
3. Activate the virtual environment:
   - On Linux or macOS: `source mon_env_chrome/bin/activate`
   - On Windows: `mon_env_chrome\Scripts\activate`
4. Install Selenium with `pip install selenium`.

## ChromeDriver Setup

1. Download the ChromeDriver version that matches your Chrome version from [here](https://chromedriver.com/download#stable) (E.g. `122.0.6261.111`).
2. Place the `chromedriver` executable in the root directory of the project.

## Running the Script

1. Running the virtual environment:

   ```sh
   # Start environment:
   python3 -m venv mon_env_chrome

   # Stop environment:
   deactivate
   ```

2. Execute the script with the following command:

   ```bash
   python script.py
   ```

Ensure the chromedriver is executable and has the appropriate permissions.

## Notes

- The mon_env_chrome directory is the virtual environment and should not be included in version control. It can be regenerated by any user with the steps provided above.
- The chromedriver is specific to the version of Chrome installed on your system and should not be included in version control. It is recommended that each user download their own matching version of chromedriver as described in the setup.
